what if you had a deceased grandfather
whom you were particularly fond of and
what if out of the blue some stranger
came up to you and said hey that's my
grandpa and then lest you think this
stranger is somehow trying to ingratiate
himself with you he adds and everything
you thought you knew about Grandpa is
wrong here let me tell you what he
really said and did during his lifetime
The Stranger then proceeds to inform you
that almost everything you thought you
knew about your grandfather was not just
wrong wrong but the exact opposite of
what he The Stranger is now saying about
your grandfather much of which you find
immensely
disturbing would that endear this
stranger to you every proponent of
so-called abrahamism apparently thinks
so I'll explain but first let's define
abrahamism because the patriarch Abraham
is an important figure in Judaism
Christianity and Islam all three
religions according to the doctrine of
abrahamism share a common root or
ancestor that has great potential to
bridge gaps and Foster growth
cooperation and even fraternity between
the religions and this position is held
by virtually everyone it's certainly the
mainstream position in Academia media
among Talking Heads everywhere even if
not especially the Pope Francis that
said it's clear that few of its
proponents have given this abrahamic
business much thought the Crux of the
matter is this how is one people's
appropriation of another people people's
Heritage which is precisely what
abrahamism is all about supposed to help
them get along consider some very
important but habitually ignored
distinctions first whatever differences
Christians and Jews have Christians who
chronologically come after the Jews
accept the Hebrew Bible or Old Testament
as it is they do not add to take away
from or distort its text Islam does a
complete opposite as the latest newcomer
to legitimize itself it relies on the
figures of the Old and New Testaments
for the weight of antiquity and
Authority that's attached to their names
but it completely perverts their
characters in a way that validates the
later and different teachings of
Muhammad in other words although Islam
comes after Christianity and Judaism it
does not rely on their scriptures as
they are the way Christians rely on the
Hebrew scriptures as they are but rather
Islam recasts them to fit its own
narrative and agenda including to show
how the scriptures of Jews and
Christians have been corrupted as
Muslims maintain with a much later Quran
reflecting the original truths they
supposedly once contained one need only
consider how the man whom this
mendacious project is named after I
speak of course of Abraham has been
exploited by and for Islam Jews and
Christians focus on different aspects of
Abraham the former see him as their
patriarch In the Flesh the latter as
their patriarch in faith or in spirit
but they both rely on the same verbatim
account of of Abraham as found in
Genesis this is key make note of it in
the Muslim account however not only does
Abraham Abrahim quit his country on
God's promise that he will make him a
great nation as reflected in Genesis 12
but Abraham exemplifies the hatred
Muslims are obligated to have for all
non-muslims as Allah informs Muslims in
Quran
64 you have a good example in Abraham
and those who followed him for they said
to their people we disown you and the
idols that you worship besides Allah we
renounce you enmity and hatred shall
Forever Reign between us until you
believe in Allah alone that last bit
about eternal hatred until you believe
in Allah isn't in Genesis now is it in
fact and as it happens this verse about
Abraham Quran 64 is the Cornerstone
verse that all radicals cite as proof
that all Muslims must hate all
non-muslims thus after quoting this
abrahamic the Islamic State once
declared in a statement to the West that
we hate you first and foremost because
you are disbelievers or infidels
cfers as for any political grievances
these are secondary the Islamic State
says quote the fact is even if you were
to stop bombing us imprisoning us
torturing us vilifying us and usurping
our lands this is Isis to the West we
would continue to hate you because our
primary reason for hating you will not
cease to exist until you Embrace Islam
even if you were to pay jizya and live
under the authority of Islam and
humiliation we would continue to hate
you such is the mutilation that the
patriarch Abraham has undergone in Islam
not only is he not a source of
commonality between Muslims on the one
hand and Jews and Christians on the
other he is the chief figure to justify
Muslim hatred for Jews and Christians
until you believe in Allah alone as the
verse says by the way Islam's
appropriation and mutilation of revered
biblical figures spares no one not even
Jesus Christ no doubt you've heard often
repeatedly that Muslims rever Jesus as a
sinless prophet and Miracle Worker born
of a virgin all well and good but much
lesser mentioned and known is that the
Quran Rejects and Muslims do not accept
the most cardinal points about Christ
they reject that he was the son of God
and they reject that he was crucified
and resurrected for the sins of Mankind
in fact those who insist that Christ is
the Son of God namely Christians are
accursed and deserve nothing but
Relentless Jihad see Quran
57273 and 929 930 so while Muslims
accept that Jesus will return on
Judgment Day that Islam teaches will be
so he can smash all the crosses in the
world because they signify his death and
Resurrection which as seen Islam and
Islam's Christ Isa vehemently deny and
so he can cancel the jiza meaning
Christians can no longer pay to remain
Christian but will henceforth only have
two choices Embrace Islam or die Christ
will also make it a point to slaughter
all the pigs during his second coming
because well Islam hates swine again
should Islam's appropriation of Christ
or rather introduction of an antichrist
be seen as a source of shared
commonality between Christians and
Muslims or something else something
potentially more
Sinister let's go back to my opening
analogy about that Grandpa you love
it's one thing for a stranger to accept
and honor your grandfather the way he
really was and as you knew him the way
Christians do with the figures of the
Old Testament it's something completely
different for a stranger to appropriate
and reconfigure your grandfather in a
way that validates his hostility to you
the way Muslims do with the figures of
the Bible in short and to all you
mindless proponents of abrahamism it's
time to wake up